Breaching Active Directory
https://tryhackme.com/room/breachingad

What popular website can be used to verify if your email address or password has ever been exposed in a publicly disclosed data breach?
HaveIBeenPwned

What is the name of the challenge-response authentication mechanism that uses NTLM?
NetNtlm

What is the username of the third valid credential pair found by the password spraying script?
gordon.stevens

How many valid credentials pairs were found by the password spraying script?
4

What is the message displayed by the web application when authenticating with a valid credential pair?
Hello World

What type of attack can be performed against LDAP Authentication systems not commonly found against Windows Authentication systems?
LDAP Pass-back Attack

What two authentication mechanisms do we allow on our rogue LDAP server to downgrade the authentication and make it clear text?
LOGIN,PLAIN

What is the password associated with the svcLDAP account?
tryhackmeldappass1@

What is the name of the tool we can use to poison and capture authentication requests on the network?
Responder

What is the username associated with the challenge that was captured?
svcFileCopy

What is the value of the cracked password associated with the challenge that was captured?
FPassword1!

What Microsoft tool is used to create and host PXE Boot images in organisations?
Microsoft Deployment Toolkit

What network protocol is used for recovery of files from the MDT server?
TFTP

What is the username associated with the account that was stored in the PXE Boot image?
svcMDT

What is the password associated with the account that was stored in the PXE Boot image?
PXEBootSecure1@

What type of files often contain stored credentials on hosts?
Configuration Files

What is the name of the McAfee database that stores configuration including credentials used to connect to the orchestrator?
ma.db

What table in this database stores the credentials of the orchestrator?
AGENT_REPOSITORIES

What is the username of the AD account associated with the McAfee service?
svcAV

What is the password of the AD account associated with the McAfee service?
MyStrongPassword!
