Persisting Active Directory
https://tryhackme.com/room/persistingad

What is the Mimikatz command to perform a DCSync for the username of test on the za.tryhackme.loc domain?
lsadump::dcsync /domain:za.tryhackme.loc /user:test

What is the NTLM hash associated with the krbtgt user?
16f9af38fca3ada405386b3b57366082

Which AD account's NTLM hash is used to sign Kerberos tickets?
krbtgt

What is the name of a ticket that impersonates a legitimate TGT?
Golden ticket

What is the name of a ticket that impersonates a legitimate TGS?
Silver ticket

What is the default lifetime (in years) of a golden ticket generated by Mimikatz?
10

What key is used to sign certificates to prove their authenticity?
private key

What application can we use to forge a certificate if we have the CA certificate and private key?
ForgeCert.exe

What is the Mimikatz command to pass a ticket from a file with the name of ticket.kirbi?
kerberos::ptt ticket.kirbi

What AD object attribute is normally used to specify SIDs from the object's previous domain to allow seamless migration to a new domain?
SIDHistory

What is the database file on the domain controller that stores all AD information?
ntds.dit

What is the PowerShell command to restart the ntds service after we injected our SID history values?
Start-Service -Name ntds

What is the term used to describe AD groups that are members of other AD groups?
Group Nesting

What is the command to add a new member, thmtest, to the AD group, thmgroup?
Add-ADGroupMember -Identity "thmgroup" -Members "thmtest"

What AD group's ACLs are used as a template for the ACLs of all Protected Groups?
AdminSDHolder

What AD service updates the ACLs of all Protected Groups to match that of the template?
SDProp

What ACL permission allows the user to perform any action on the AD object?
Full Control

What MMC snap-in can be used to manage GPOs?
Group Policy Management

What sub-GPO is used to grant users and groups access to local groups on the hosts that the GPO applies to?
Restricted Groups

What tab is used to modify the security permissions that users and groups have on the GPO?
Delegation
