Session Management
https://tryhackme.com/room/sessionmanagement

Which state in the session management lifecycle deals with user's pressing the logout button?
Session Termination

Which state in the session management lifecycle deals with user's providing their credentials?
Session Creation

Which state in the session management lifecycle deals with user's actions performed after authentication?
Session Tracking

Which state in the session management lifecycle deals with user's that forget to log out of the application?
Session Expiry

What is the name of the process in the IAAA model that would be responsible for tracking your actions and logging them?
Accountability

What is the name of the process in the IAAA model that would be responsible for granting you a session value?
Authentication

What is the name of the process in the IAAA model that would be responsible for verifying that you have the relevant permissions to perform an action?
Authorisation

What cookie attribute can be used to ensure that the cookie is only transmitted via secure HTTPS channels?
secure

What HTTP header is used in the response to inform the browser that a cookie is being sent?
Set-Cookie

What HTTP header is often used in requests to indicate the transmission of a JWT?
Authorization: Bearer

What phase of the session management lifecycle would be vulnerable if you could predict what the value of a session would be?
Session Creation

What phase of the session management lifecycle would be vulnerable if you don't have the ability to flush a threat actor's access to your session?
Session Termination

What phase of the session management lifecycle would be vulnerable if there wasn't sufficient information to piece together what happened during an incident?
Session Tracking

What phase of the session management lifecycle would be vulnerable if the session value itself was transmitted through an insecure redirect?
Session Creation

What is the username of the student with the name X?
THM{Got.the.User}

How many lecturers are registered on the application?
1

Excluding the unauthenticated user, how many roles does the application have?
3

How many test attempts in total have been performed on the application?
4

What is the highest score that student1 has achieved on a test?
3

What is the sequence of correct answers for the Database Types test? (Format y=yes and n=no, separated by commas)
y,n,n
